
Copyright  2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo
Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights relating to
technology embodied in this product. In particular, and without
limitation, these intellectual property rights may include one or more
of the U.S. patents listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or
more additional patents or pending patent applications in the U.S. and
other countries.

This product is distributed under licenses restricting its use, copying
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this product may be
reproduced in any form by any means without prior written authorization
of Sun and its licensors, if any.

Third-party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and
licensed from Sun suppliers.

Sun,  Sun Microsystems,  the Sun logo,  Java and  the Java Coffee Cup
logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
in the U.S. and other countries.

All SPARC trademarks are used under license and are trademarks or
registered trademarks of SPARC International, Inc. in the U.S. and
other countries. Products bearing SPARC trademarks are based upon
architecture developed by Sun Microsystems, Inc.

UNIX is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries,
exclusively licensed through X/Open Company, Ltd.

Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to
Standard License Terms and Conditions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   README

                        Java(TM) 2 SDK, Standard Edition
                               Version 1.2.2

   * Introduction
   * Installation
   * Features
   * Demos
   * Java 2 SDK Documentation
   * System Requirements
   * Sun Java Web Pages

Introduction

     Thank you for downloading this release of the Java(TM) 2 SDK,
     Standard Edition. The Java 2 SDK is a development environment for
     building applications, applets, and components that can be
     deployed on the Java platform.

     The Java 2 SDK software includes tools useful for developing and
     testing programs written in the Java programming language and
     running on the Java platform. These tools are designed to be used
     from the command line. Except for appletviewer, these tools do not
     provide a graphical user interface.

     The Win32 version of the Java 2 SDK comes with the Java Plug-in.
     You can use the Java Plug-in to enable the Internet Explorer and
     Netscape Navigator browsers to run applets based on the Java 2
     platform. For more information about the Java Plug-in, including
     how to obtain a Solaris version, see the section Java 2 Runtime
     Environment and Java Plug-in in the README.html file.

Installation

     The complete JDK is composed of the JDK Software plus the JDK
     Documentation, each of which is separately downloadable.
     Installation instructions for each release are maintained on the
     Java Software web site:

        * For the Win32 Installation Instructions, go to
          http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/install-windows.html
        * For the Solaris Installation Instructions, go to
          http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/install-solaris.html

     Refer to the COPYRIGHT and LICENSE for legal terms of use.


Features

     The Java 2 SDK offers significant improvements in functionality,
     performance, security and global support over previous versions of
     the Java platform. See:

        * Summary of New Features - Features added since JDK 1.1.
          http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/docs/relnotes/features.html

        * Guide to Features - Complete list of all features.
          http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/docs/index.html#guide

Demos

     A demo directory is included in this software bundle with a
     variety of applets and Swing applications for you to try out. The
     demos come with complete source code.


Java 2 SDK Documentation

     The online Java 2 SDK Documentation contains API specifications,
     developer guides, tool reference pages, demos, and links to
     related information. The online documentation is available at 

     http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/docs/

     This documentation is also available in a download bundle which 
     you can install locally with your Java 2 software. See the Java 2 
     SDK download page:

     http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/

System Requirements

     The Java 2 SDK software is available on three platforms:

        * Win32 Version for Windows 95, Windows 98 and Windows NT 4.0
          on Intel hardware. A 486/DX or faster processor. 32 megabytes
          RAM minimum, 48 megabytes RAM recommended.

        * Solaris/SPARC Version. Only Solaris versions 2.5.1, 2.6 and 7
          (also known as 2.7) are supported. 32 megabytes RAM minimum,
          48 megabytes RAM recommended.

        * Solaris/Intel Version. Only Solaris versions 2.5.1, 2.6 and 7
          (also known as 2.7) are supported. A 486/DX or faster
          processor. 32 megabytes RAM minimum, 48 megabytes RAM
          recommended.

     On all systems you should have 65 megabytes of free disk space
     before attempting to install the Java 2 SDK software. If you also
     install the separate documentation download bundle, you need an
     additional 90 megabytes of free disk space.

     Solaris users will want to check the list of recommended and
     required patches.
     http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/install-solaris-patches.html

     It is strongly recommended that Solaris 2.6 users load the
     SUNWi1of package for optional Latin-1 fonts. This package is in
     the "Entire Distribution" Cluster, available on the Solaris
     software installation CD-ROM. SUNWi1of contains English Monotype
     TrueType fonts specified in the font properties files. Without
     this package, fonts will default to the LucidaSans font for
     off-screen text and to Type1 font for text in components.

Sun Java Web Pages

     For additional information, refer to these Sun Microsystems pages
     on the World Wide Web:

     http://java.sun.com/
          The Java Software web site, with the latest information on
          Java technology, product information, news, and features.
     http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/index.html
          Java 2 SDK Product and Download Page
     http://java.sun.com/docs
          Java Platform Documentation provides access to white papers,
          the Java Tutorial and other documents.
     http://developer.java.sun.com/
          The Java Developer Connection web site. (Free registration
          required.) Additional technical information, news, and
          features; user forums; support information, and much more.
     http://java.sun.com/products/
          Java Technology Products & API
     http://www.sun.com/solaris/java/
          Java Development Kit for Solaris - Production Release

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Java 2 SDK, Standard Edition, is a product of Sun Microsystems(tm), 
Inc.

Copyright © 1997-2001, Sun Microsystems, Inc.
901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, California 94303-4900 USA.
All rights reserved.
